>> Mike North: Here is the next
exercise that we're going to jump into.
And this one is a little bit
easier than these last two.
It's sort of the last piece of the puzzle.
And it's interesting because it's handling
like one file but sort of not one file.
And it has to do with the way
Single-page apps work.
Single-page apps are hack, where we create
the illusion of like having addressable
content at an app, but behind the scenes
we know these are not true page loads.
These are not round trip
HTTP requests to a server.
That we, like in the style that you'd
have if you have like a PHP app, where
you go and get your PHP to generate some
HTML and provide it back to you, right.
So, our address is changing,
our URL is changing.
Different stuff is showing up on screen,
but really we only have
one index.html file, and
everything else is sort of an illusion.
It's an illusion, so that we align with
what users expect from the internet.
Right, they expect that they should
be able to bookmark something.
And go back to that book mark and
see what they had seen before.
So, we have created an illusion, and that
has made life a little bit difficult here.
Because all of the caching stuff we've
been working with so far is oriented
towards true addressable resources like
a JSON document or an image at a URL.
Here index.html like in terms of how your
browser sees it, that could be coming,
that is represented by a variety of URL's.
We have to serve up the same html
file regardless of what path
the user is entering the app through.
And in our client side,
app will take care of rendering
the appropriate content for that thing.
And I have given you here a variety of
hints that will help you build
the correct caching logic.
For index.html, I like to have this be
sort of the outer most caching logic.
So we can even,
in our fetch event handler,
before we even get to the event
respond with section that we have now.
Above that,
you could deal with the potential
encountering of an HTML request coming in.
And in the event that you find one,
handle it return and
you'll never reach all of the code
that we've written so far.
Here are two constants that I suggest
you put up at the top of your app.
The only reason that I have
the second line here is,
occasionally you'll have like the need
to serve your app over https or http.
This will just match like whatever
environment service worker
happens to be in,
if that is operating over plain http,
the index.html URL will have http,
otherwise it will have https.
So, we have a URL there,
and that will help us
understand what we need to use
when we reach into the cache.
That is the true URL
of that HTML document.
In terms of the cache API's point of view,
right?
It just knows files.
Now, down here at the bottom,
we've got two checks, the first one
lets us use the Accept header to detect
whether this is an html request.
And the second one lets us understand
whether this is a local request.
So, we're not trying to go for
an HTML file for some other domain.
Although the service worker
can't really do that, but
you could have a Chrome
extension that has an HTML file.
And you might have noticed if you
are debugging, you'll see like Chrome://.
That request will go through your service
broker as well which is kind of strange.
But this will let you filter out only
stuff that's on local host 3000 that is
an HTML type.
And in the event that you
hit those two conditions,
we're going to basically do the same
thing that we do for dynamic data.
We have a bias for
trying to get a new index.html,
in the event that something goes wrong
we'll serve up the cached version.
Right, so network fall back to
cache if something goes wrong.
The one that it'll gotcha
I want to add to this.
We have to cache that
index.html page from the start.
We have to make it's there
when we get started.
And there's a convenient place to add it.
And that is in the caches file where
we have our pre caching logic.
>> Speaker 2: They're not shared.
>> Mike North: Thank you.
We have our pre caching logic or
we're saying pre-cache static assets.
And we have go and prefetch these files.
If we then just to go down here and
say oops,
go down here and say to pre fetch, push.
>> Mike North: Something like that,
now your going to add the root like that
index.html request to
the things that we go and
fetch as the service worker is installed.
By the time it activates,
your going to have an index.html in hand,
so that from point on if the user goes
offline, when you try fetch to get your
fresh index.html you will have something
there ready to fall back on too.
So, this should be relatively simple and
I like the pattern of superseding your
existing logic, so just up here, you know,
if html request, handle it, return.
Something like that and then let
like you'll skip that chunk of logic
in the event that you'd fall into some of
the other cases we've been working with.
You will know, you have solved this
exercise when you can stop your server and
your app continues to work.
This will get us to fully offline.